Defaulted functions
===================

The *Default* keyword allows you to specify "default" implementation 
for compiler's autogenerated functions:
- default constructor;
- destructor;
- copy constructor;
- move constructor;
- copy-assignment operator;
- move-assignment operator.


Differences between compiler-generated functions and user-defined functions
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Difference 1
A compiler-generated function can be trivial. 
This have the following consequences:
- Objects with trivial copy constructors, trivial copy assignment operators,
  and trivial destructors can be copied with memcpy or memmove.
- Literal types used for constexpr functions
  must have a trivial constructor, copy constructor, and destructor.
- Classes with a trivial default constructor, copy constructor,
  copy assignment operator, and destructor can be used in a union
  with a user-defined constructor and destructor.
- Classes with trivial copy assignment operators can be used 
  with the std::atomic<> class template in order a value of that type
  with atomic operations.

#### Difference 2
A class with no user-supplied constructors can be an aggregate 
and thus can be initialized with an aggregate initializer.

#### Difference 3
Suppose a class has a built-in type member variable
and has only default constructor.

While creating an instance of this class without an initializer,
if the object has static duration, 
the member variable will be initialized by a default value
(e.g. zero for int);
otherwise, it has an indeterminate value 
that can potentially cause undefined behavior 
if it is accessed before being assigned a new value.

If you initialize an instance of this class 
by explicitly invoking the default constructor,
then the member variable is initialized to a default value 
(e.g zero for int).

This property also extends to base classes and members.

If you write the default constructor yourself, you lose this property.
Either data members are always initialized
(because you specify a value or explicitly default construct)
or always uninitialized (because you don't).
But for instances of the class with static storage duration
member variables are assigned to a default value.
